I am Wenhan Wei, from Peking University. My major now is Urban Planning and I studied Urban Planning and Architecture when I was undergraduate. My GPA is 3.67 in the first year of my graduate study. I am interested in Geography and the courses of my college are mostly based on Geography so I want to apply for Geography.

In the graduate studies, I focused on Urban Planning and completed some related research and practice. I have learned the complete process of research and mastered some methods of geography and statistics.

In the first year of my study, I finished the project "XiNing ecological restoration planning". XiNing is the capital of QingHai province, which is located in the north west of China and suffered from ecological problems such like soil erosion and geological disaster. We use geographical methods to fix the ecological environment problems. Taking minor watershed as the basic unit since it is the basic unit of hydrological process, we divided XiNing city into many pieces and reclassified them as 10 types by 4 features: elevation, terrain, economic mode and human activity. After that, we developed different strategies for each type of minor watershed. I am the manager of this project and I am responsible for making overall roadmap and ideas. When it comes to specific works, I do the research about watershed, use SPSS to find the principle components which affect the watershed more, use ArcGIS to do some basic analysis and draw  the diagrams that express the strategy we designed.

Besides, I do a research with 2 partners about the relationships between the colors of the street view and the emotions of the pedestrians. The urbanization process of China is very fast and the urbanization rate is close to 60%. However, there are many problems with the fast urbanization. Most cities are rough and lack exquisite design. In this research, we explore the relationship between street views and people's emotions to provide advices for urban planning. We use "HTC VIVE",  a VR equipment to simulate street views environment and and use 360° panoramic camera to collect streew views of different places in Beijing, China. After that, we collect the data of EEG, EDA, and BVP from the subjects  while they are looking around the street views via the VR equipment and conduct simple survey about each test view after they finished the observation. We clean the raw data and processed the data using different methods. Then we use the  color information of the panoramic photos like ratio of different colors and diversity index as independent variables and use data of EEG, EdA, and BVP as the dependent variables to explore their relevance. In conclusion, the warm colors (red, yellow and orange) have a higher correlation with people's emotional arousal, and male subjects react more intensely to different color mode. In this research, I review the use of EDA and EEG data and determine the methods that should be used in the experiment. Then I reviewed the relationship between emotion and physiological indicators and established a model to elaborate it.

Moreover, I also finished a research about the everydayness of cultural heritage. In the context of heritage tourism, many cultural heritages are becoming more and more commercialized and popular for tourists. On the same time, they are gradually separated from daily life and lose their everydayness. We take Beijing time-honored brands(BTHB) as  examples to explore the transform of the everydayness of the culture heritage since BTHB are the historic heritages of old Beijing city and are closely connected with daily life. DIanping.com is a online platform based on the consumers' review which is very similar with yelp. We use the data from dianping.com to define the everydayness index(EI) and find out that different kinds of BTHB have a variaity of EI. Some famous BTHB like QuanJuDe have low EI while some famous BHTB are still have close connections with daily life like WuYuTai. From the perspective of spatial distribution, they are not autocorrelation from the results of Global Moran's I (ArcGIS) but the distribution shows that they have a mutually exclusive state with the hot spots of tourism like Forbidden City. I review the culture heritage and heritage toursim, provide ideas for analysis from the perspective of consumers and focus on the data capture and data analysis  in this research.

I want to work on urban planning and have been working hard for it. In the Chinese education system, Urban Planning have two disciplines, one based on Architecture and the other based on Geography. In my undergraduate study, I accepted the architecture-based urban planning education, which pays more attention to the grasp of spatial form. However, I find out that I lack the analytical ability to solve problems at the regional level, and I don't know enough about scientific analytical methods. In my postgraduate stage, I want to better understand the city from a geographical perspective and cultivate my own geographical  thinking.

There are many directions in Geography of UZH, and I want to study lessons about human geography and spatial data analysis.Qualitative Methodologies and Methods can be used in many researches but I have hardly received any training in this area, so I want to take this course and know more about it. On the other hand, spatial analysis is a very important skill to understand how the city works In urban planning, so I want to learn the entire process of processing geospatial data. Courses like Spatial Algorithms and Advanced Spatial Analysis are also very attractive to me.





